https://www.inf.ovgu.de/inf/en/Study/Before+you+start+studies.html

Faculty of computer science - OvGU Magdeburg Before you start studies
Before you start studies
With nearly 20 professorships, the Faculty of Computer Science is the largest IT faculty in the state of Saxony-Anhalt. The courses focus on the personal, interdisciplinary, and practical aspects of Computer Science.
Personal
At the Faculty of Computer Science; in addition to close contact being maintained between the students and teaching staff, active support is upheld via a mentoring programme and the Student Council. Individual student advisors are also available in all courses. An alumni programme ensures relationships are maintained with graduates in the long term.
Interdisciplinary
All students expand their horizons by studying in other faculties, e.g. in Humanities, Engineering, Economics and Medicine. This allows our graduates to tackle professions in a wide range of different industries, e.g. with computer and software companies, in industry, in banking and insurance companies, in administration or in research, development and education.
Practical
The faculty gives students optimum organisational prerequisites for their courses. Students are encouraged to work in teams and great store is set by the communication and application of key and method skills. A large amount of specialist equipment, various student laboratories and the inclusion of a professional work placement in all bachelor's courses emphasise the practical nature of the courses. There is also the option of accessing combined courses and training opportunities.
The official documents and information on the courses you find (currently available only in German).
The Faculty Student Council has also put together some very comprehensive information for you. The
first semester page
contains more information about studying at the FIN and gives you the basics for a successful start to your studies.
Our faculty also has a
mentor scheme
which puts together students from later semesters to help and advise newer students.
Study relevant information for those interested in Computer Science and other related courses
Information about the various courses that are offered at the FIN
Our Student Council has extensive information on studying at the FIN, as well as on the fundamentals for a successful start to your degree
Professional advice for questions you may have during your degree
Last Modification: 23.07.2025
-
Contact Person:
Webmaster