https://www.inf.ovgu.de/inf/en/Study/Before+you+start+studies/Study+courses/Master+courses/Data+and+Knowledge+Engineering/faq.html

Faculty of computer science - OvGU Magdeburg FAQ
FAQ
Q & A ON THE SUBMISSION PROCEDURE
---------------------------------
Q: Can I submit my application to the M.DKE student supervisor instead
of the Admissions Office?
A: No. All applications must be submitted to the Admissions Office, which
is collecting and processsing them centrally.
Q: Is TOEFL the only acceptable degree for the English language?
A: No, alternatives are allowed, among them IELTS. Please consult the Admissions Office
admission.office@verwaltung.uni-magdeburg.de
for the full list of acceptable alternatives and the minimum
degree you need for each one. When you call the Admissions Office,
please mention that you want to apply for the Master DKE, since
different rules apply for the different Master programmes of our
University.
Q: The courses in my University are on English. Do I still need to make
the examination for TOEFL (or IELTS or other acceptable alternative)?
A: Yes.
For example, if you are attending a University in India, you must still
make the examination.
Q: I am not a native English speaker but I did my Bachelor in a University
of UK/USA/Australia/Canada? Do I still need to make the English examination?
A: Yes.
However, you should contact the Admissions Office (with a CC to the M.DKE
student supervisor) and ask whether the English degree you made to be
admitted at your University can be considered instead.
Please do so well ahead of the deadline, so that you have time for the
examination, if necessary.
Q: Do I need to make an examination for English if I speak German fluently?
A: You must provide a proof that you master either the English or the
German language. If you speak German fluently, then it is advisable
that you make the examination for German.
Q: I have submitted my application well ahead of the deadline but have still
no answer.
A: The applications are polled. Part of the processing is done after all
applications are there. Submitting early does not mean that you get
a notification earlier than other applicants.
Q: Are there fees for the Master DKE?
A: No.
Q: Foreign students have a different submission deadline than German students.
Why?
A: The earlier deadline for foreign students is intended to allow you
time to get your Visum.
Q: I did not manage to submit my application within the deadline, but Is
already have a Visum. Can I still submit?
A: This is decided in a per case basis.
Please contact the Admissions Office at
admission.office@verwaltung.uni-magdeburg.de
immediately.
For further questions on filling the application forms, please
contact the Admissions Office at
admission.office@verwaltung.uni-magdeburg.de
Q: I got admission for the next semester (e.g. summer term  2023) but will not get my VISA or APS certificate in time to arrive for the semester start or enrolment period. What should I do now?
A: Yes, you can still start your studies. You should use the online enrolment procedure, where you send in all necessary information to the registration office via email. SOme courses also offer online participation, hybrid formats, or video recordings from previous semesters that enbable you to attend a course without being physically present. Please contact te teachers of the courses that you are planning to attend, whether that option is available for the particular course.
You can find the courses and contact information via LSF:
https://lsf.ovgu.de/
For exams you need to be present here in Germany, but these are not conducted before the end of the lecture period (e,g, July 23) and can also be posponed by a semester in most cases. This way you can plan your arrival somewhere in the lecture period of the summer term and not loose to much time in your studies.
For further questions, please contact the M.DKE student
advisor (email address at the main page).
Last Modification: 24.01.2023
-
Contact Person:
Webmaster