https://www.inf.ovgu.de/inf/en/Legal+Info.html

Faculty of computer science - OvGU Magdeburg Legal Info
Legal Info
The Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg is a public corporation.
It is represented by the Rector:
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Jens Strackeljan ,
Universitätsplatz 2,
D-39106 Magdeburg,
Telephone: +49-(0)391-6701 (Switchboard),
Fax: +49-(0)391-67-11157
, Email:
rektor@ovgu.de.
The responsible supervisory authority is
the Ministry of Science and Economy of the State of Saxony-Anhalt,
Hasselbachstraße 4,
D-39104 Magdeburg,
Email:
poststelle@mw.sachsen-anhalt.de .
VAT identification number:
DE 139 238 413
The editorial responsibility for this website lies with the Communications and Marketing Department of the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg.
Disclaimer:
The information contained on this website has been compiled with the utmost care. Nevertheless, Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness, completeness, or quality of the information provided.
The Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg and those responsible for the creation of this website are not liable for any material or immaterial damages caused by the use or non-use of this information or by the use of incorrect or incomplete information, unless they are based on intent or gross negligence.
All online content is subject to change and non-binding. Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg reserves the right to change, add to, or delete parts of its website or the entire website, or to temporarily or permanently discontinue publication thereof, without prior notice.
Left:
To the extent that Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg directly or indirectly refers to external websites ("hyperlinks"), it is not responsible for their content. The content of the linked websites lies solely with the respective operators, not with the responsibility of Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg. At the time of linking, no illegal content was apparent on these websites. Should Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg become aware of illegal content after linking, it will immediately remove these references from its information offerings.
Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg has no influence on the design, content, or authorship of the linked pages. It expressly distances itself from all content of the linked pages that has been changed since the link was created. The above applies to all links and references within the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg website, as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums, link directories, mailing lists, and all other forms of databases created by the respective author whose content can be accessed externally. The author of the linked page is solely liable for illegal, incorrect, or incomplete content, and in particular for damages resulting from the use or non-use of such information.
Copyright and trademark law:
The logo of the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg is registered as a protected word-image trademark.
The Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg endeavors to respect the copyrights of the images, graphics, audio documents, video sequences and texts (hereinafter referred to as "objects") used, to use objects created by itself or to use license-free objects.
All brands and trademarks mentioned on this website, possibly protected by third parties, are subject to the provisions of applicable trademark law and the ownership rights of the respective registered owners. The mere mention of brands and trademarks does not imply that they are not protected by third-party rights.
The copyright for the objects created on this website by the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg lies with the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg.
Reproduction or use of such objects in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the consent of the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg.
Data protection:
According to Section 13 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 of the Telemedia Act, the service provider must inform the user at the beginning of the usage process, among other things, about the type, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data in a generally understandable form, unless such information has already been provided.
The Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg processes data exclusively in accordance with the applicable provisions of the German Data Protection Act (DSG-LSA).
Sofern innerhalb des Internetangebotes der Otto-von-Guericke-Universität Magdeburg persönliche oder geschäftliche Daten (Emailadressen, Namen, Anschriften) eingegeben werden können, erfolgt die Preisgabe dieser Daten seitens des Nutzers ausdrücklich auf freiwilliger Basis. Die Inanspruchnahme aller angebotenen Dienste ist, soweit technisch möglich, auch ohne Angabe solcher Daten bzw. unter Angabe anonymisierter Daten oder eines Pseudonyms gestattet. Nicht gestattet ist die Nutzung der im Rahmen des Impressums oder vergleichbarer Angaben veröffentlichten Kontaktdaten, z. B. Postanschriften, Telefon- und Faxnummern sowie Emailadressen durch Dritte zur Übersendung von nicht ausdrücklich angeforderten Informationen. Rechtliche Schritte gegen die Versender von sogenannten Spam-Mails bei Verstößen gegen dieses Verbot sind ausdrücklich vorbehalten.
Weitere Informationen zum Web-Auftritt
(
Technik, Inhalte, Layout und Hinweise für Administratoren und Redakteure
)
der Otto-von-Guericke-Universität Magdeburg.
Last Modification: 13.09.2025
-
Contact Person:
Webmaster